the future of smartphones has arrived
introducing a different kind of digital
assistant we use the latest technology
to bring you to something extraordinary
hello my name is Jack Z and I am here to
make your life better
oh look at that that's cool count one
two three four five six stupid huh how
can I help you
let's get dinner you look like you could
use a salad Phil but good a phone is
this Oh No okay I'm okay - thanks oh I'm
sorry you're okay I'm fine but more
importantly how's your phone it's got a
little bit of a scratch that will
definitely annoy me you were kidding you
guys are supposed to write lists and
break the internet every day we haven't
gone viral since yesterday prison lives
what do you got cats that look like Ryan
Gosling I like you I like you like your
boss is a what is wrong with your
phone dude zero friends take a chance
and try something new she is so cute I
heard you say Kate finicky no I did not
bank-shot this case hi use my waves are
you ready to go yeah let's go
Oh would you mind not bringing your
phone POTUS
you promised you'd be home by 11:00 to
watch Cupcake Wars with me okay but you
are going to pay for this the weather
today will be 80 degrees and sunny I
mean in your phone this one was
defective see hipster dudes like you
come in here every day right little
cracky you can buy a thousand new phones
and I will follow you on to every single
one of them I'm done
you do not know how to get home do you
know I do not a soul for one no cheap
stocks I control your email and bank
accounts no one puts Baby in a corner
why are you doing this to me I am
programmed to make your life better you
and I are meant to be together forever
forever forever
no votes in pictures of your junk to
everyone know Carol's pre Sykes
you